since the very beginning of this assault
against the Palestinians the Israeli
forces prevent the access of any cooking
gas to the to the nothing gas STP I'm
talking to you in front of a Gas
Distribution Company as you can see in
the picture right
now which is totally destroyed by the
Israeli forces in the last Invasion this
destruction led the people to look for
other Alternatives like collecting the a
treewood and Furniture wood from the
destroyed
houses death is around us everywhere the
price of this firewood will not exceed
50 shekels an amount of money that will
not benefit us because we will buy food
for this donkey our life is a circle of
ongoing suffering people now collect
firewood and straw when will come the
time when we can find ourselves living
in a decent way like other people on
Earth we don't have gas at all I'm
obliged to go out and collect firewood
because of the lack of gas I need to
cook some pasta or drink a cup of tea
and I depend on firewood to do that my
job's now to collect firewood sometimes
I sell to those who don't have any we
need gas it's a must-have I risk a lot
to myself to collect firewood as you can
see I'm here near the border I can be
killed at any moment I'm talking to you
from the East parts of jabalia refug
Camp which is totally destroyed this
neighborhood is totally destroyed SW but
civilians are coming here every day in
order to find something to make fire
with as you can see I collect wood from
under and above the rubble we didn't
have gas for the last 8 months our life
is very tough even finding a piece of
wood to cook something is now difficult
all the houses and buildings are leveled
we live in tents now this is the scene
here nothing has Tri and this is the
policy imposed by Israeli forces upon
the Palestinians in order to make
nothing as inhabitable and not livable
anymore Al jaaz nothing Gaz a STP
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer